ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/exceptions/NonExistentCriticException.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.exceptions.NonExistentCriticException
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/webservices/TitleController.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.webservices.TitleController
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/FrontUser.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.FrontUser
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/titles/Genre.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.titles.Genre
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/Suscription.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.Suscription
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/ReviewPremiumDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.ReviewPremiumDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/SuscriptionDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.SuscriptionDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/SourceRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.SourceRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/DecadeService.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.DecadeService
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/exceptions/UserAlreadyExistsException.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.exceptions.UserAlreadyExistsException
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/UserRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.UserRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/Location.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.Location
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/exceptions/UserAlreadyReviewTitle.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.exceptions.UserAlreadyReviewTitle
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/SourceService.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.SourceService
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/UserDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.UserDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/exceptions/NonExistentUserException.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.exceptions.NonExistentUserException
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/InverseReq.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.InverseReq
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/RateType.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.RateType
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/ReviewSearchCriteria.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.ReviewSearchCriteria
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/filters/JwtRequestFilter.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.filters.JwtRequestFilter
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/exceptions/NonExistentReviewException.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.exceptions.NonExistentReviewException
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/user/Critic.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.user.Critic
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/cast/Cast.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.cast.Cast
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/exceptions/NonExistentDecadeException.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.exceptions.NonExistentDecadeException
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/titlesRepository/TitleRepositoryQueries.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.titlesRepository.TitleRepositoryQueries
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/titlesRepository/EpisodeRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.titlesRepository.EpisodeRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/LocationService.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.LocationService
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/Aspect/LogExecutionWebServiceAspect.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.Aspect.LogExecutionWebServiceAspect
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/LanguageService.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.LanguageService
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/Reason.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.Reason
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/Language.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.Language
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/Aspect/LogEstatisticsWebServiceAspect.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.Aspect.LogEstatisticsWebServiceAspect
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/Decade.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.Decade
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/webservices/SourceController.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.webservices.SourceController
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/SuscriptionService.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.SuscriptionService
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/DecadeRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.DecadeRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/Rates.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.Rates
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/webservices/FrontUserController.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.webservices.FrontUserController
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/exceptions/NonExistentTitleException.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.exceptions.NonExistentTitleException
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/titles/Episode.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.titles.Episode
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/LanguageDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.LanguageDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/SourceDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.SourceDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/CriticRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.CriticRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/FrontUserService.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.FrontUserService
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/SecurityConfiguration.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.SecurityConfiguration
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/TitleDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.TitleDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/config/RedisConfig.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.config.RedisConfig
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/config/MessagingConfig.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.config.MessagingConfig
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/webservices/errorHandling/ApiError.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.webservices.errorHandling.ApiError
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/CriticService.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.CriticService
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/ReviewNotification.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.ReviewNotification
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/ReportDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.ReportDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/swagger/SpringFoxConfig.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.swagger.SpringFoxConfig
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/LanguageRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.LanguageRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/cast/Job.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.cast.Job
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/EstatisticsRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.EstatisticsRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/Review.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.Review
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/exceptions/NonExistentSourceException.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.exceptions.NonExistentSourceException
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/Aspect/ExcludeFromMetrics.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.Aspect.ExcludeFromMetrics
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/webservices/LanguageController.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.webservices.LanguageController
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/ReviewPage.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.ReviewPage
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/webservices/EstatisticsController.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.webservices.EstatisticsController
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/FrontUserRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.FrontUserRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/ReviewReport.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.ReviewReport
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/standAloneRabbitMQ/RabbitMQConsumer.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.standAloneRabbitMQ.RabbitMQConsumer
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/MetricId.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.MetricId
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/LocationDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.LocationDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/exception/NonExistentLanguageNameException.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.exception.NonExistentLanguageNameException
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/exceptions/NonExistentLanguageException.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.exceptions.NonExistentLanguageException
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/ReviewRate.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.ReviewRate
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/titles/TitleType.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.titles.TitleType
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/SuscriptionRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.SuscriptionRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/CriticDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.CriticDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/ReviewType.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.ReviewType
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/webservices/SuscriptionController.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.webservices.SuscriptionController
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/user/User.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.user.User
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/titles/Title.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.titles.Title
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/util/JwtUtil.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.util.JwtUtil
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/StatisticsService.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.StatisticsService
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/BackendDesappApiApplication.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.BackendDesappApiApplication
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/titles/EpisodeBuilder.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.titles.EpisodeBuilder
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/webservices/errorHandling/ResponseEntityBuilder.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.webservices.errorHandling.ResponseEntityBuilder
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/LocationRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.LocationRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/ReviewDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.ReviewDTO
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.ReviewDTO$ReviewDTOBuilder
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/Statistics.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.Statistics
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/Source.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.Source
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/ReviewService.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.ReviewService
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/ReviewCriteriaRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.ReviewCriteriaRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/titlesRepository/TitleRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.titlesRepository.TitleRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/ReportRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.ReportRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/webservices/LocationController.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.webservices.LocationController
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/ServletInitializer.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.ServletInitializer
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/RateDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.RateDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/FrontUserDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.FrontUserDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/repository/ReviewRepository.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.repository.ReviewRepository
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/ReviewPremiumNotification.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.ReviewPremiumNotification
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/cast/Person.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.cast.Person
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/exceptions/NonExistentLocationException.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.exceptions.NonExistentLocationException
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/TitleService.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.TitleService
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/dtos/RegisterDTO.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.dtos.RegisterDTO
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/webservices/ReviewController.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.webservices.ReviewController
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/ReviewPremium.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.ReviewPremium
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/AuthenticationResponse.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.AuthenticationResponse
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/webservices/errorHandling/ControllersExceptionHandler.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.webservices.errorHandling.ControllersExceptionHandler
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/service/UserService.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.service.UserService
ar/edu/unq/desapp/grupoj/backenddesappapi/model/AuthenticationRequest.java
 ar.edu.unq.desapp.grupoj.backenddesappapi.model.AuthenticationRequest
